

Existing project in the research pipeline and then there
was also something else that Amina was interested in. 

Analytic workflow in a jupyter notebook. 

Mainly interested in the NERT project (India group interested in TB)

Our thinking was they have their study data. It needs to be integrated into
a common data model and a data mart. Idea was that they wanted to figure out
how to work with it. 

1. Replicate the findinigs from a publication (Visualize the data in an interactive 
way and make it open for the public)

2. Jupyter notebook. Have a way for researchers to share or collaborate
on analyses that they're running. Researchers are taking what they need 
independently and they aren't sharing code. They know depending on the 
maturity of the researcher and their ability 

An interface that they can use to explore their data that they can use
in a jupyter notebook and 

2 objectives:

1) We don't know what they typically use to analyze their data.
2) They typically use software tools like prism

Finding ways to make it interactive to change things in the code

For now we just want to put the concept of analyzing your data 
and some standard workflows that you can build and analyze in a common
space. No reproducability issues. A common understanding of the data and 
validity and reproducability of those  analyses. 

"Never worked with them so not sure about their maturity in terms of analytics"

Not sure how forward thinking they are with this. "Hey this is what you can do"

FOR NOW --> Just something to demo for them;

Project plan and can integrate the data. If we can do some of that thinking and design and
ideation. What Grace was thinking. She doesn't have a data set in mind. 

Kaggle --> Clinical Trial Studies --> Next Flow or something

They could do a lot of different states. 

It would be kind of one of the ways 

---------------------------------------
Analysis workflow for clinical trials 
---------------------------------------

Can we find that out and see what some of the data that they work with. They 
can share the publications. 

A simple workflow where they:

0. Preprocessing
1. See the data of interest
2. Summary of their measures of interst
3. Select from a number of statistical tests and see the output. 
4. Visualizations in the workbook

What types of statistical tests they try to use. 

Simiple dataset and look for the pitfalls.

--------------------------------------------
Statistical Publications
--------------------------------------------

